until TV is sponsored by wrestling
knowledge dot org ok now another one on
the big stories coming out of last week
was that Paul Bearer was announced to be
inducted into the Hall of Fame this year
my my my big question related to that is
will it be the Undertaker who inducts
him because we know that in the past The
Undertaker hasn't really is not appeared
at the Hall of Fame so is not to break
that character is very much kind of
protected the character but if ever
there was a time when it was seemed
right to do so it it would surely be
Fred the pallbearers induction wouldn't
it yeah I was surprised to see that he
was going in actually because I thought
he had always said I'm sure I heard this
right that he wanted to be inducted with
the Undertaker so given that they didn't
you know said we didn't manage to induct
him while you're still alive life I
figured they would hold off until they
went with the Undertaker as well now one
possible reason that they might have
changed plans is well if he was being
inducted on the same night as the
Undertaker than the Undertaker couldn't
be the one to introduce him for obvious
reasons I wouldn't work so all I can
think is that that's where they're going
to go with it and Undertaker is going to
be the guy who does it now an obvious
alternative his cane Mick Foley I guess
yeah because they will wear a managed
him for a while but really yeah I mean
who else who else is more appropriate
than the Undertaker and I think
Undertaker I'm sure would concede he has
a lot of his early career yes Paul
Bearer to think for that and I think if
there's ever a time to drop out of
character that that would be the time
five minutes remaining well it's been
quite similar to the way Vince rarely
appears at the hall of fame ceremony
because he likes it not to be anything
he likes it to be kind of almost
independent from the double W in a way
he likes to present it as such and to to
an extent they kind of I think I pulled
it off and but what was really
interesting is that he inducted austin
and i thought it was it gave a little
bit more gravitas to the induction
because it was somebody who doesn't
usually appear who's
sort of consciously avoided being at the
ceremony so I just feel like it would
also be a bit more special for a
pallbearer if you had this guy who was
you know they always protected his
character they would never like break
that that sort of all were around him by
putting him in a suit and having him in
the audience like they like all the rest
of the roster do and have him in duct
pallbearer by coming out of character
just that one so I just thought would be
quite nice for him yeah I think it would
I think the only other thing I would say
on that is is it with all due respect to
Paul Bearer he's not the main event guy
if you like being inducted into the Hall
of Fame this year that ought to be over
autumn a warrior or Jake Roberts I
assume the warrior and so for them to do
it what is as you say quite a big deal
in bringing Undertaker in it's a break
character and do that would be almost a
main event level occurrence for the Hall
of Fame and to have him sort of lower
down the you know the line up on that
show would seem like something of a
non-event so I don't know nobody
interesting it every difficult interest
to see where they go with it mysle talk
TV is sponsored by wrestling knowledge
dot all